Who did it, Captain?
It's me, Chen Xiuliang, it's you
Do you know what you're doing?
Captain, do you know what you're doing?
What right do you have to question me?
I gave you so much money
Open the door for me now
You mean that money?
I save all the flowers
I won't open the door
You can't take them away today.
I'm sending them to learn technology
Wait until they have a good way out in the future
Captain, based on what I know about you
You should be lying.
You want to push them into the pit of fire
How dare you slander me?
Come and beat this traitor to death
I was never a traitor
I was sent by Sister Lu to be an undercover agent by your side
Since you've never been your dog in your heart
Why did the traitor say it?
You
you
It's okay, you're alone now.
Who said he was alone?
You all lied to me.
You are all liars
Song QiuCi
You have the nerve to call us liars.
We have already detected all your conspiracies
We just don't know your specific goals
That's why I've been patiently observing your movements
I didn't expect it.
How dare you kidnap and sell girls?
Are you still human?